#summary This is a list of todos for our application

*Login*
  * Length textboxes for username and password - done
  * Verify character limit on username and password - done 

*Map*
  * Reset map lat, lng for recentering the map - Sandy
  * Change lat,lng for recentering map for a selected route - Sandy
  * Allow only 1 accordion menu to open at a time
  * Icons for start/stop map points - Mai
  * Disable double click zoom - Mai

*Route*
  * Displaying/giving ratings - Mai
  * Permission for modifying, creating an event(only owner can do) - Mai
  * Listing in Route tab in My Account dialog - Kerem
  * Clicking 'cancel' during modification shouldn't close the toolbar

*Virtual Trip*
  * Implementing this? and where? - inseob
  
*Event*
  * Event Registration -- change flow to when viewing event details not event search pg - Mai
  * ~~Write Event Registration!  and link to Client side - Mai~~
  * Populating group combo box - Mai
  * Disable group selection on modifying an event - Mai
  * Send an event creation/modification/deletion notification to group members - Kerem
  * Listings in Event information dialog - Kerem

*User Account*
  * Modifying user account -- finished? - Kerem
  * Should clear information when a user logs out

*Groups*
  * Adding group - Kerem
  * Modifying a group - Kerem
  * ~~Group listings in Group info tab - Kerem~~
  * ~~Sending emails to groups -- linked to client side, and dialog window for composing 
email. - Kerem~~
  * Joining to / leaving from a group (JS function) - Kerem
  * Should clear information when a user logs out
  * ~~If a user creates a group, he should automatically subscribe to it.~~

*Messages to User*
  * Cleanup error messages to user.

*Data Cleanup*
  * Dealing with past events?

*Search Dialogs*
  * Should clear any listing when a user logs out

*Look and Feel*
  * Fix height for event/route listing
  * CSS!!!!! - Mai

*Server*
  * ~~Problem with server right now? When checked earlier this afternoon -- calls to servlets were generating errors...~~
  * ~~Deploying to server issues...~~

*DB*
  * Clear database
  * Change database password (exposed to public on google code) upon last deployment

*Misc*
  * Clean up namespaces?
  * Opera support?
  * CHECK IE 